https://ogetatonny-my-todo-app1-main-ulpbqp.streamlit.app/
Hi. Our project helps users to plan for their day well. The team members for this project was Edwin Omurwa and I, Tony Ogeta. I worked on the main page while Edwin worked on the about and Feature pages of the app. All of us were involved in the idea generation of the project.
 
Few days ago while I was in a passengers vehicle, I had a chit chat with a foreigner in the same bus. Just as I sat next to him, I noticed that he was so much tensed. I thought maybe it could be fare issues coz its not uncommon within the streets of Nairobi to lose ones belongings to robbers. My parents would always advise in my childhood. " Son, if you ever make it in this life, please do not forget to be kind. Always care for those people who lack. Good deeds comes back to the good hearted in ways that only God knows." This statement would come repetitively in my mind.
 
I leaned towards the passenger. We exchanged a few words. He was warm when we started, but cold when we got into the middle of the discussion. This man had an interview in town. He noted it down on paper a few days before the D-day. Unfortunately, of course mistakes are to humans, and you guessed it right. This man never set a reminder. He just noticed he had this interview 20 minutes before the interview timelines. He was late. Traffic jam also contributed as a big inconvenience. We exchanged contacts and I wished him well. I called a few weeks late and the buddy said he lost terribly. Sorry to him.
 
It is with this in mind that we got into the dilemma of resolving time management issues. A todo app would be best. We did interviews with a few people and we noticed most people like using their devices. The user will hardly forget on a todo list they keep seeing on their phones.
 
This app is purely developed in python. We used Pycharm IDE. Streamlit libraries was used too. We used the txt file to store user data. This app enables the user to add a todo item to the list. It also enables users to delete their todo items. We were keen to make sure that the app is loading the page properly. The user is also able to navigate through the pages in a very awesome way. We tried to be keen in ensuring that we lay information about how to use the app on the "feature" page.
